The starbase system allowes encrypted message exchange trough a server that
can not read the exchanged messages. 

* marks secondary aims, which are not ment to be implemented in the prototype,
but are thought of, to be implemented later on.

Ones starbase home server can entierly be used as a plain data storage server,
where business logic is fetched from an indipendent source.*

Encryption and handling of personal data is done entierly on client side.

The first implementation should work over http. 
Therefore on client side javascript is used and on the server side there is
python. (python because its for girls).

Principle of the dead drop
A client is responsible for delivering its messages to the receivers home
server, 
and the client is responsible for fetchiing received messages from the
own home server.

partitions of a home server
The home server consists of two partitions. The first partition is the users
encrypted blob (encrypted user blob struct), and the second partition contains
for the admin readable business data and enrypted messages which are stored
for its user to be picked up.

authorizing people to drop messages at ones home server
Friends are allowed to drop messages at ones home server. Optionally one can
allow everyone to drop messages at ones home server.

sending a friend request
A friend request is a special message that is allowed to be dropped at the
receiptiens home server when a captcha, which is send from the receiptiens
home server, is filled out right.

Diffie-Hellman
While sending a friend request the first part of a Diffie-Hellman-Key-Exchange
is sent. Also the auth key is send.

Accepting a friend request
With the received auth key, one is allowed to drop a message at the requesters
home server and leave the second part of the Diffie-Hellman-Key-Exchange.

The friendship is established. Trough the Diffie-Hellman-Key-Exchange there is
a common secret, which from now on is used to encrypt data synchronous. 

connecting to own home server
The auth key generated from ones password authorizes one to fetch and write ones blob.

	read message
	When connecting to ones home server, messages in the inbox are moved to the inbox
within the encrypted_user_blob_struct.

connecting to a foreign home server
The known access token authorizes one to drop a encrypted message at a foreign
home server.

	send message
	When sending a message, it is encrypted with the shared secret of the
receiptient and stored at the receptients home server.


